---
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

# **Contributing to the Wine Quality Analysis Project**

This document outlines how to propose changes and contribute to the Wine
Quality Analysis project.

### Fixing typos

Minor changes like fixing typos or grammatical errors in the
documentation can be made directly using the GitHub web interface.
Ensure you make changes to the appropriate source file.

-   **YES**: Edit a `.md` or `.ipynb` file directly.

-   **NO**: Modify autogenerated files (e.g., HTML files generated from
    `.ipynb` or `.qmd` files).

### Prerequisites

Before making a substantial contribution, always file an issue first to
describe the problem or feature you'd like to address. This helps ensure
the team agrees on its importance.

-   If you've found a bug, provide a minimal reproducible example
    (reprex) or describe it clearly in your issue.

### Pull request process

-   To contribute code or documentation changes:
    1.  **Branching**: Create a separate Git branch for each pull
        request (PR).

    2.  **Style Guide**:

        -   **Python**: Follow the [PEP8 style
            guide](https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/).

        -   **R**: Follow the tidyverse style guide.

    3.  **Testing**: Ensure any new code is thoroughly tested and
        doesn’t break existing functionality. Include test cases where
        applicable.

    4.  **Submitting a PR**:

        -   Clearly describe the purpose of the pull request.

        -   Reference any related issues (e.g., `Closes #issue_number`).

        -   Submit your PR and wait for feedback from maintainers.

### Code of Conduct

This project is released with a [Contributor Code of
Conduct](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/522_group_38/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By contributing, you agree to abide by its terms.

### Attribution

These contributing guidelines are adapted from the dplyr contributing
guidelines and other open-source projects.
